# 2016-11-29 Weekly Online Meeting Minutes

## Attendees

* Neil Bowers
* Philippe Bruhat

## Agenda

No planned agenda, as this was the first meeting of this kind for this event.

## Minutes

Before the beginning, there was some chat on picking on a channel for
public discussion, but no decision was made. Since there were only two
attendees, the discussion was conducted via private messages on IRC.

The third member of the organisation team is Laurent Boivin.

A first topic was the distribution of tasks:

* Official organiser: Philippe
  * Organising venue
  * Official communications
* Treasurer: Laurent
  * Invoicing sponsors
  * Getting money from sponsors
  * Refunding attendees
  * Expenses
* Sponsorship seeker: Neil
  * Prospectus creation
  * Seeking sponsors
  * Ensuring benefits delivery

Additional topics, not assigned yet:

* Set up the Act web site
* Creation of the attendees list

Regarding the attendees list, the attendee model was discussed. In Lyon
2014, a three tier model was used, with three rounds of invitation:
10 "core" contributors (selected based on past attendance) were asked
to select 10 "key" contributors, and the remaining 10 seats were open
to everyone on a first-come basis (with some filtering of people who
misunderstood the goal of the hackathon).

In Rugby 2016, the model was totally invitation based, mostly because of
the small size of the venue. It was organised like the three-tier model,
just more strictly (no open seats). A number of people commented that
they liked the invitation-only model, because it felt like everyone was
there for a reason, with things to do that were all related to toolchain.

A key thing to know as early as possible is the number of invitees.

In the past few editions, more and more people opted for single rooms
instead of sharing. In Rugby, everyone had a single room, and a lot of
people commented that they like that. Apart from middle-aged people not
wanting to share, it was also good to have some time alone or to call
back home. So this year, we're aiming at one person per room.

The critical path seems to be:

1. Pick the date
2. Confirm the venue for that 4-day week-end, and the number of seats
3. Book the venue and announce the date

Least year, Neil talked to the core group very early and asked them to
list any weekends they couldn't do. That way it was possible to pick a
weekend that maximised the likelihood of all core members attending.

If we give the date soon enough, then for most people it's early enough
that they can commit to it. The following tentative date was
selected: **Thursday May 4 to Sunday May 7 2017**.

Philippe volunteered to write the minutes.

## Next Meeting

irc.perl.org, unspecified channel, 2016-12-06 12:00 UTC

Tasks:

* Talk to the hotel and get a tentative quote (Philippe)
* Put together a list of the first tier attendees (Neil)
* Create an outline prospectus (Neil)
