# 2016-12-06 Weekly Online Meeting Minutes

## Attendees

* Neil Bowers
* Philippe Bruhat

## Agenda and Planned Tasks

* Talk to the hotel and get a tentative quote (Philippe)
* Put together a list of the first tier attendees (Neil)
* Create an outline prospectus (Neil)

## Minutes

### Event name

Neil has been thinking about the name. The current best in his opinion
is "Annual Summit for Perl Infrastructure". He actually thinks "Perl
Toolchain Summit" (or "Annual Perl Toolchain Summit") would be a better
name, but fears confusion with the "Perl Toolchain Gang" (which is an
overlapping but different group of people), and possible accusations of
the event being for a group of friends (a cabal).

The rationale behind the name change is to move away from the confusing
words "hackathon" and "QA". The new name needs to work for:

1. sponsors
2. the Perl community
3. the outside world beyond Perl

After a quick discussion, we settled for:

* naming it the **Perl Toolchain Summit** this year,
* if the name catches on, it becomes the ***Annual*** **Perl Toolchain Summit**

### Core group

The next step is to email the core group, and ask them if there's anyone
else who should be invited. As Neil noted, this is a slowly evolving
group: for example Barbie was in it last year, but this year PREACTION
takes his place.

The current core group is comprised of people who are all responsible
for critical systems / modules / tools:

* Andreas König (ANDK)
* Merijn Brand (HMBRAND)
* Rik Signes (RJBS)
* Leon Timmermans (LEONT)
* Chad Granum (EXODIST)
* Paul Johnson (PJCJ)
* David Golden (DAGOLDEN)
* Doug Bell (PREACTION)
* Tatshuhiko Miyagawa (MIYAGAWA)

Neil and Philippe agreed that Olaf Alders (OALDERS) should be considered
core, as MetaCPAN is becoming more and more critical these days.

There was some discussion about "uninvited" people (like Oriol Soriano
in Rubgy, who came unexpected and became the "QAH Intern"). Philippe
pushed for having a certain number of "open" seats, to enable this kind
of good surprise to happen.

The number of attendees ultimately depends on the number of places,
so the sooner we know it and fix it, the better.

### Accommodation and meeting rooms

Philippe called the hotel ([Campanile Lyon Part-Dieu][1], which was used
in 2014 to lodge everyone), to remind the person in charge of meeting
rooms what we're doing. A first email was sent in July 2016 to get some
initial prices.

[1]: https://www.booking.com/hotel/fr/campanile-lyon-centre-forum-part-dieu.en.html

This time, Philippe specifically asked about handling our own catering.
The contact said she'd need approval from her manager. An email was sent
to summarize the request.

The hotel has 172 rooms, so hosting 30 to 40 people in single rooms
should not be an issue.

The biggest meeting room in the hotel is a little above 100 square
meters, and can be split in two. We need to assess if they can fit the
30 people working in two rooms, preferably with all able to fit in one
room, and a subset going into the other room for discussions, etc.

There's also the lobby, which is not private (but has a bar), and is usually
quiet outside of the lunch/dinner time.

### Sponsors

Neil needs to start working on sponsorship soon. He expects to be able
to raise about £15k, based on last year.

Philippe seems in a better position to get sponsoring from Booking.com,
assuming he can find the right person to talk to. Philippe is in Amsterdam
on December 13-14, so it would be a good time to start looking. Stevan
Little was the contact last year. He said he knows the system better now,
and would hope to get a more money.

Laurent should be able to help with French sponsors.

Assuming a €90/night rate, accommodation would cost 13.5k€ for 30
attendees in single rooms for 5 nights. The bare meeting room costs
€700/day, which would make a total of €2800. Travel was roughly £5k
last year. Since the number of US attendees has been going up the last
two years, we should aim high, as US travel is the big chunk of travel.
A group meal out would cost between €500 and €1000.

We can assume we'll have some people paying for their rooms. Our goal
can be to try to cover as much as possible, but definitely cover the
people who can't attend unless we cover all their expenses.

## Next Meeting

irc.perl.org, #qah2017, 2016-12-13 12:00 UTC

Tasks:
* Neil
  1. contact initial tier 1 to confirm who is in tier 1, and check the
     proposed date with them
  2. create first draft of sponsorship prospectus
  3. create trello board for tracking sponsor prospects, and add all the good prospects
* Philippe
  1. work towards resolving date, costs and facilities with hotel
  2. meeting minutes (for the organizers, but written with the assumption
     of a potentially larger audience)
  3. get in touch with Booking.com internally to talk about sponsorship
