# 2017-01-05 Weekly Online Meeting Minutes

## Attendees

* Neil Bowers
* Philippe Bruhat

## Agenda and Planned Tasks

* Neil
  1. write the sponsorship prospectus [DONE]
  2. collect the names of the second wave of attendees [DONE]
* Philippe
  1. announce the official dates to the core group [DONE]
  2. write (and publish) the initial announcement blog post [DONE]

## Minutes

Note: because Neil and Philippe keep in touch between meetings by way of
private IRC conversations, this meeting was accidently conducted in a private
chat session instead of the regular `#qah2017` IRC channel.

### Second tier of attendees

The core group was invited to vote on who they would like to attend the
Summit. They were provided with a list of people (to which they could
add names if needed) and five votes each.

After collecting the results, 14 people got 2 or more votes, and among them
8 got 3 or more votes. We had to decide if we would send invitations to the
small or large group of people for the second tier.

We quickly opted for the large group (assuming some of them would not be able
to make it and noting that we don't have a hard limit on 30 people, given the
size of the meeting rooms). Neil will contact them soon.

Expense refunds were discussed. Since this mostly depends on how much
money can be raised, we will cover expenses by priority of group (core,
second tier, etc). A minimum goal should be to cover the core in full
and accommodation for the second tier.

All supporting companies (including those whose only participation is to cover
some of their employees expenses) will be counted as sponsors.

### Third tier of attendees

Aristotle Pagaltzis contacted Philippe on IRC, and expressed interest in
attending the Toolchain Summit. He also noted that no public information
had been given on the selection process.

Lee Johnson has asked Neil if he can come, as part of a photography project,
which [he talked about at YAPC::EU last year](https://youtu.be/dV5TR8UC6vU?t=2178).

On the `#toolchain` IRC channel, Will Braswell started a conversation about
including the maintainers of RPerl and cperl.

Our discussion on the topic can be summarized as:

* The PTS is a *toolchain* hackathon, whereas the p5p hackathon is a
  *language* hackathon, which would probably be a best fit for forks
  of Perl5-the-language
* In general, the PTS is driven by what people are using in production.
  That's almost entirely Perl5, hence the Perl 5 focus.
* There are now a small number of people doing real things with Perl6, and
  we need to ensure cross-pollination of Perl6 & Perl5 tool thinking.
* Therefore, it's our responsibility (as organisers) to ensure there is
  a small contingent of Perl 6 people invited.

This discussion was a good test of "what exactly is the PTS for, and
does the name match the purpose?". Our conclusion was that it does.

Neil noted that last year he made a number of decisions by thinking:
"The sponsors pay for this because they have production code now and
in the future relying on Perl. What is the right thing to do for them,
and the community? I need to be able to look them in the eye and not
feel like I was taking the piss, with their money."

### Prospectus for sponsors

Neil has produced a three page prospectus for the sponsors. First page
is about the Summit and reasons to sponsor it, second page details the
sponsorship levels, and the last page covers the attendees and the work
performed during the Summit.

The sponsoring amounts should be stated in Euros, with other currencies
(GBP and USD) given for information only. The levels should be interpreted
in terms of "ranges" (i.e. giving *at least* the Platinum level makes one
a Platinum sponsor, and so on).

A discussion to decide the exact amounts for the sponsorship levels revolved
around the following points:

* Set Platinum so that we can expect to have at least two Platinum sponsors
* Having a bigger gap between Bronze and Silver than between Silver and Gold
  can have a psychological effect: a small Silver/Gold gap might make Silver
  sponsors think they can nudge it up.

After thinking about a nice 500 / 1000 / 2000 / 4000 progression (which
doubles up at each stage), we settled on 500 / 1250 / 2000 / 4000 (so that
Silver is right in the middle between Bronze and Gold.

Additional sponsorship options are: €1000 for the group dinner (assuming
roughly €30 per person for 30 people) and €350 for the lunch snacks.

The prospectus must state that the French non-profit "Les Mongueurs
de Perl" will be organising the event, since it's going to receive the
money and produce the invoices.

Neil will start sending the prospectus to friendly sponsors first, so that
we can get feedback on the progression and adapt it if needed.

### T-shirts

We agreed that if we make T-shirts, it should be at no cost to the
sponsors. Therefore, attendees will be offered the option of buying a
(possibly personalised) Toolchain Summit T-shirt (at production cost).

Platinum sponsors would get their logo on the T-shirt (if produced),
as a acknowledgment of their support.

### Hotel and room reservation

The quote for renting the meeting rooms was sent on Wednesday December 21.
We need to make an advance payment of half the total cost, i.e. 1400 EUR,
before January 28, 2017.

Laurent is going to transfer the money, and Philippe is going to sign the
pro forma invoice.

### Communication

Philippe sent a quick email to announce the official dates to the core
group on Tuesday, December 20. It contained a reminder to fill the form
for selecting the second tier of attendees.

The first blog post, announcing the Perl Toolchain Summit, was posted on
[blogs.perl.org](http://blogs.perl.org/) under the title
[The Perl Toolchain Summit 2017](http://blogs.perl.org/users/book/2017/01/perl-toolchain-summit-2017.html).

We want to produce a regular flow of blog posts, probably synchronised with
the acquisition of sponsors (so that we can hightlight them there).

The blog posts are mostly aimed at the community, given the platform used.
Topics for future blog posts:

* An explanation of the name change and the purpose of the event
* A description of the selection/invitation process
* A generic call for sponsors, to cast a wider net, once the knwon
  potential sponsors have been emailed
* An explanation of the refund process (what is paid for, the priority list, etc)
* At a later time, a post soliciting input on what issues should be fixed or
  discussed during the Summit

We agreed to use Google Docs to draft them.

## Next Meeting

irc.perl.org, #qah2017, 2017-01-12 12:00 UTC

Tasks:

* Neil
  1. Send invites to the tier 2 people
  2. Draft a blog post on about the name change, the purpose of the event,
     and the selection process
* Philippe
  1. Sign the contract for the meeting rooms
  2. Publish the next blog post
  3. Draft the other blog posts
* Laurent
  1. Pay the 50% advance to the hotel
